Fix some minor issues in documentation (#6)
algorand/mule: docs/getting_started.md

    - Echo
```

> Here we have a mule config file that lists one task and one job. The tasks field is where you document task configurations that you will need to execute your jobs. It takes a list of maps (dicts in python) that are used to initialize your tasks. One key thing to keep in mind here is that every task configuration must have a task field set. This is used by mule to loop through the task you wish to be initialize. Every other field is a configuration for your task. In this example, we have one task called Echo, which simply prints out "Message for the console".

Author: Here I changed "loop up" to "loop through".

> Here we have a mule config file that lists one task and one job. The tasks field is where you document task configurations that you will need to execute your jobs. It takes a list of maps (dicts in python) that are used to initialize your tasks. One key thing to keep in mind here is that every task configuration must have a task field set. This is used by mule to loop through the task you wish to be initialize. Every other field is a configuration for your task. In this example, we have one task called Echo, which simply prints out "Message for the console".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here we have a mule config file that lists one task and one job. The tasks field is where you document task configurations that you will need to execute your jobs. It takes a list of maps (dicts in python) that are used to initialize your tasks. One key thing to keep in mind here is that every task configuration must have a task field set. This is used by mule to add the task you wish to be initialized. Every other field is a configuration for your task. In this example, we have one task called Echo, which simply prints out "Message for the console".
```

Reviewer: This sentence is awkward...I think the idea was to add the task (hence the above suggestion). Regardless, the "initialize" needs to be modified, whichever way it goes.
